Importance of block chain
1. Decentralized
2. Transparent
3. Speed
4. immutable
5. Remove couterparity risk 
6. Allow for trust minimized
6. Allow for trust minimized aggreements
7. Hybrid smart contracts combin on and off chain

Gas: Gas is a unit of computational meassure. The more computation a trasaction uses, the more "gas" you have to pay for. Every transaction that happen 
on chain pays "gas fee", to node operators. 

Mathmatics of gas: 
Gas : Measure of computation use
Gas price: How much it costs per unit of gas
Gas limit: Max amount of gas in a tranasaction 

Transaction fee: Gas used * Gas  price

https://ethgasstation.info/ 
visit this site to see the gas price.  So the main use of the gas price is to make the transaction fast. so the more gas you have the more fast you 
are going to make you transaction.



https://andersbrownworth.com/blockchain/hash
go to this site to understand how hash works block workd, and block chain works, distribution works, tokens etc. 
All the information also given below. 

Hash: A unique fixed length string, meant to identify a piece of data. They created by placing said data into a hash fucntion. 

Block: Block aslo generate a unique hash function, but it consist of Block, nonce and data. 

Blockchain : So in case of block chain, it consist of different blocks which also consist of all the things, that was mention before. 

So everything goes in this flow : 

Hash -> Block -> BlockChain -> Distributed -> Tokens 

1. So everything starts with this hash section where it generates a unique code for the block.
2. In case of block, it just do the same but will lot more data
3. In case of blockchain, it contains multiple block of data , which is represented by node that is  connected with each other
4. And distributed is all about how all the block chain in the network is conneted will all other network. 

So  as we know that, if we change some thing in the block chain , as it connected with all the nodes, 
so one change in one nodes, can affect the whole block chain. 

# Mining : So here comes the work mining, which is to finding the block or hash code which created this problem , and it takes a lot fo computation power
which is why we need a lot of GPU for this reason.  Nodes get paid for finding  the block which created the issue. 





